[Music]
this young man is absolutely crazy
defecating on the street in front of
everyone sadly
and let the goddess who had a crush on
him see it
not only this and was bullied by two
kids all day long
not only is he not angry but still smirk
all the time
the young man came to the village two
years ago and was taken in by a kind
lady in a grocery store
and named him a g a g wears this
forgiveness color
sportswear everyday oh every morning
roll down the stairs above behavior make
people in the village think he isn't
stupid
but is he really stupid no he's just
playing stupid
turns out he is north korea leader of
the five-star team of unit number 5446
in this force all top agents invincible
and aji was sent by his superiors to
pretend to be a fool
lurking in a village in south korea and
wait for the superior to dispatch the
task
but this wait is two years in other
words aji played a fool here for two
years
but as a fool fully integrated here
also made a lot of good friends work as
a clerk in a small company
it is also the goddess xiaomei that aji
has a crush on
peek at him every time we'll be taught
by xiaomei's brother
aji secretly swears the day before
returning home
must give this kid a hard lesson and put
on heavy makeup every day
but when you buy things you always
divide zhang zhao hung
and the son of auntie at the grocery
store it's not easy to make normal
people pretend to be stupid
to make people believe that they are
really stupid he had to bite the bullet
stool in front of everyone but the sad
thing is
and let the goddess of crush see
this time let him take it back
completely the heart that has been
flying for a long time
it's here only one person knows his true
identity
that's the same undercover status as him
courier uncle
the two are looking forward to the
motherland all the time give them tasks
every night aegea will return the
thoughts that he missed
right into the letter but these letters
cannot be sent even so
this is all his spiritual sustenance
when a g delivered eggs to the neighbor
this day
here comes another god operation
in order to make the image of the fool
more real aji is also willing
there was a guitar sound in the room the
old man said this is a tenant who just
moved in
aji looked back at the rome seems to
have noticed something wrong
aji plays a fool in the village during
the day secretly exercise in the room at
night
such a life let him last for two years
this evening
a yellow hair suddenly appeared the two
just met
came a set of jungkook etiquette
[Music]
it turns out that huang mao and aji play
the same identity
also the leader of the black dragon
group of unit 5446
now he was sent to the village as an
undercover agent aji is very curious at
huang mao is here
what task is to perform become a courier
brother
track all the way it turned out that the
organization let huang mao pretend to be
one
singer participating in the audition but
by the hand he has the five tones to
complete
the mission never goes on this makes a g
dumbfounded
so huang mao wanted to prove himself i
will practice until my fingers bleed
[Music]
after a period of time another high
school student came to the village
and this person has something to do with
a g this person is unit 5446
the current leader of the five star
group replaced the g's position
he's also a g's little brother for 10
years edgy saved the life of my fan when
he was young
so i respected g very much but this time
i was sent to the village
to supervise aji and huang mao did you
perform the task seriously
that's it the undercover trio is
gathered they are all living with their
new identities
sometimes they talk and laugh sometimes
they secretly teach the bullies in the
village
aji has lived here for two years the
people here have a great influence on
him
auntie is very pivotal i don't know what
to draw on my past book every time
chen yuloyan zhao hang there will be a
fragile sight
auntie's son who has been bullying a g
i've already treated a g
as my own brother when the neighbors
gather together
aji looked at these ordinary and simple
villagers i don't know what i'm dreaming
about
he is not afraid of hard training not
afraid of the fear of death
but this scene he was scared he is
afraid of such an ordinary life
we'll leave him sure enough what should
come is always coming
at this time the civil war is over aji
and other three undercover agents
it loses the meaning of being alive for
the sake of history not being discovered
the superior decides put a few
undercover agents
treat as a betrayer this afternoon all
undercover
both receive the same message the
content is to make all the undercover
agents
all from s aji is indignant he can
sacrifice for the motherland
provided that family safety must be
protected
not long after th0294 undercover s
bodies appeared one after another all
over south korea
undercover s bodies appeared one after
another all over south korea
and aji and huang mao unanimously
decided leaving the village first to
discuss
aji cut off her messy long hair not
playing dumb
with a new look appear in front of
people everyone sees him now
surprised edgy came to the grocery store
and the ant who took care of him for two
years
had the last meal auntie took out a bag
it contains clothes and a pass book
but aji didn't speak put on a suit
auntie has tears in her eyes silent
this distinction for a lifetime aji
found the instructor who trained him
the instructor also ordered a g hurry up
and sacrifice for the motherland
but he still wants to confirm the last
thing if you kill yourself
whether the family can be taken care of
by the state not only did the instructor
not answer
and let his subordinates solve him but a
g's force still can't reach the
instructor
finally kicked by the instructor but
fortunately huang mao arrived in time
the two came to an abandoned building
and the takeaway uncle who keeps the
weapons
have been waiting here for a long time
the two are ready to take guns
come to a life and death battle but what
they don't know is
weapons in the bag has long been
replaced by bricks
that's it the true identity of the
original uncle is a professor of
politics
he believes that undercover agents will
betray the country aji and huang mao are
the best proof
two people caught in a trap i can only
fight to the death
fortunately these people are not
fighting well it was solved in twos or
twos
followed by aegee asks that question
again whether the mother is still alive
uncle said from the moment you joined
the 5446 troop
your loved ones all went to jail now you
have been ordered to commit suicide
do you think your mother can survive aji
listen to the whole person and spread it
there
huang mao helped aji to the rooftop and
at this moment
guangmao also received a text message
for promotion but it made him smile
helplessly
then the instructor also chased up with
his men ready to end the two of them
[Music]
fortunately my brother arrived in time
pointed the gun at the instructor
but the instructor was not afraid but
took out a grenade
ready to take everyone to the funeral
huang mao smiled
he whispered let me have a good time
just leave
then hold the instructor jump off the
roof and die together
at this time the south korean police
rushed here and find out the undercover
identities of aegean midi
they are ordered by superiors to arrest
the two aji is in a trance
i vaguely saw the passbook the ant left
him
he finally understood after reading it
what does anti always write on the past
book it turns out that aji's wages are
recorded on the past book
ante wrote a g on the pass book from the
beginning later he became the youngest
son
he was abandoned by the motherland but
was treated as a relative by the kind
and of the enemy country
immediately after the gunfire sounded
aji tightly hugs my brother
file a mighty bullet for him the last
two fell from the rooftop
put an end to my life i don't know how
many winters a g left
auntie is still waiting for her little
son and behind that family portrait
it says aji's concern for andy although
a g is called a fool
but i have never been discriminated
against by the villagers looking back at
the so-called motherland i have always
been loyal to
but after using myself solve yourself
like trash
their sacrifice is great sacrifice one's
life for glory and dignity
those secret friendships are hidden in
my heart never expressed in words
action expresses everything so secret
and great
are the victims of these regime
struggles but also an awakener
hate family feud in no country no task
no shield
no identity crisis in a world where
there is only peace and love
don't need to think too much live in
good faith how good
remember to follow forward and like see
you next time